The following text has been copied from DAIICT website.

History

Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology (DA-IICT), Gandhinagar represents Wave-4 of educational innovation in Gujarat.

The first wave was the nationalist wave and led to Gandhian experiments in education including Nai Talim. 
The Gujarat Vidyapith established in 1920 was a hybrid model of a University based on Gandhian principles.

The second wave led to the establishment of a whole range of educational institutions in Gujarat, mainly private colleges.

The third wave, an inspired one, was spearheaded by the Industrialist Kasturbhai Lalbhai and the Scientist Vikram Sarabhai and led to the establishment of a network of national institutes of international renown. 
A whole array of remarkable intellectuals provided the leadership of these Institutes.

It was in the fourth wave when the focus shifted to higher education and private participation. One of the Institutes created during this period is DA-IICT in 2001. 
It is the only advanced research and teaching Institute named after the Late Dhirubhai Ambani, the founder of Reliance Group.
Environment

DA-IICT is spread over 50 acres of land in Gandhinagar, Capital City of Gujarat. 
The DA-IICT campus is caringly planned and designed as an environmentally conscious campus in the country. 
The architecture of DA-IICT is functional, but what surrounds it is a fascinating garden.  
The entire design is oriented towards preserving the environment. 
The campus with trees, lawns and bushes bearing green leaves and exotic flowers surrounding the buildings and pathways instils environment consciousness among students and enrich their learning. 
The campus also has a herb garden with species of rare medicinal plants. 
The landscape was planned and developed in a manner that no rainwater is lost. 
The irrigation for campus garden and lawns is carried out with recycled water. 
Its solid waste management system churns out organic fertilizer out of dry leaves, vegetable and food waste generated from food courts.  

The campus is a haven for bird-watchers, with a variety of species of birds being spotted.  

DA-IICT can be reached in about 30 minutes from Sardar Vallabhai Patel International Airport and the Central Railway Station located in Ahmedabad.  
Recognition

The Act No. 6 of 2003 of the Gujarat Legislature provided for the establishment of the DA-IICT and conferred on it the status of a University. 
(Gujarat Government Gazette Volume XLIV, Thursday, 6 March, 2003)

On 30 November 2004, the DA-IICT was included in the list of Universities maintained by the University Grants Commission under Section 2(f) of the UGC Act, 1956. (Link)

UGC Letter of Notification

DA-IICT is a member of the Association of Indian Universities (AIU) as approved by the AIU at its 84th Annual Meeting held during 12-14 November 2009.
Accreditation

The National Assessment and Accreditation Council, Government of India has accredited DA-IICT with an 'A' Grade in 2017.